[production]
# alphabetized by VM name
# comments document when a VM name does not match the project/group name
abid1.princeton.edu
annotations-prod1.princeton.edu
ansible-tower1.princeton.edu
appdeploy1.princeton.edu # is this production?
bibdata-alma1.princeton.edu
bibdata-alma2.princeton.edu
bibdata-alma-worker1.princeton.edu
bibdata-alma-worker2.princeton.edu
catalog1.princeton.edu # orangelight
catalog2.princeton.edu # orangelight
catalog3.princeton.edu # orangelight
catalog-indexer1.princeton.edu # orangelight
catalog-indexer2.princeton.edu # orangelight
catalog-indexer3.princeton.edu # orangelight
cicognara1.princeton.edu
cicognara2.princeton.edu
dpul1.princeton.edu
dpul2.princeton.edu
dss-prod1.princeton.edu
dss-prod2.princeton.edu
figgy1.princeton.edu
figgy-web-prod-2.princeton.edu
figgy3.princeton.edu
figgy-web-prod-4.princeton.edu
fpul-prod1.princeton.edu # friends_of_pul
geaccirc1.princeton.edu
geoserv1.princeton.edu # is this production?
lae1.princeton.edu
lae2.princeton.edu
lib-adc1.princeton.edu # nginxplus
lib-adc2.princeton.edu # nginxplus
lib-approvals-prod1.princeton.edu # approvals
lib-jobs-prod1.princeton.edu
lib-monitor1.princeton.edu # monitor_backends / Sensu
lib-mudd-prod1.princeton.edu # mudd
lib-postgres-prod3.princeton.edu
lib-postgres-prod2.princeton.edu
lib-postgres3.princeton.edu # NOTE: has staging & prod dbs
lib-proc4.princeton.edu # studio processor
lib-proc6.princeton.edu # figgy workers
lib-proc7.princeton.edu # figgy workers
lib-proc9.princeton.edu # figgy workers
lib-proc10.princeton.edu # figgy workers
lib-proc11.princeton.edu # figgy workers
lib-redis.princeton.edu
lib-sc-prod1.princeton.edu # special_collections
lib-smb-serve.princeton.edu # is this production?
lib-solr1.princeton.edu # solrcloud
lib-solr2.princeton.edu # solrcloud
lib-solr3.princeton.edu # solrcloud
lib-solr-prod4.princeton.edu # solr8 cloud
lib-solr-prod5.princeton.edu # solr8 cloud
lib-solr-prod6.princeton.edu # solr8 cloud
lib-static-prod1.princeton.edu
lib-svn-prod1.princeton.edu
lib-zk1.princeton.edu # zookeeper
lib-zk2.princeton.edu # zookeeper
lib-zk3.princeton.edu # zookeeper
libimages2.princeton.edu # cantaloupe
library-prod1.princeton.edu # libwww
library-prod3.princeton.edu # libwww
library-prod4.princeton.edu # libwww
locator-prod1.princeton.edu
lockers-and-study-spaces-prod1.princeton.edu
maps1.princeton.edu # pulmap
maps2.princeton.edu # pulmap
mysql-db-prod1.princeton.edu
oawaiver-prod1.princeton.edu
ojs-prod1.princeton.edu
openbooks-prod1.princeton.edu
pdc-describe-prod1.princeton.edu
pdc-describe-prod2.princeton.edu
pdc-discovery-prod1.princeton.edu
pdc-discovery-prod2.princeton.edu
prds-prod1.princeton.edu # researchdata
pulfalight-prod1.princeton.edu
pulfalight-prod2.princeton.edu
pulfalight-worker1.princeton.edu
recap-www-prod1.princeton.edu
repec-prod1.princeton.edu
ruby-office1.princeton.edu # is this production?
slavery-prod1.princeton.edu # pas
